The elevator stops so abruptly that I am literally thrown to the ceiling, then fall back down. That’s a lot less fun than I used to imagine it would be, when I took elevators as a kid. I get up, wincing with pain from my left wrist. I’ve dropped the heart. It’s in the corner, broken in two, so I pick up one half in each hand and hope fervently that it still works. Whatever it is, or whatever working means.
The elevator shrugs and chimes, and opens its doors. Cold air and blue-white light rush in.
I look out into the forest in winter. It’s our forest; don’t ask me how I know, when it’s buried under more snow than I’ve ever seen before. To exit the elevator I have to awkwardly climb up a three foot wall of snow outside the door. (Again, this rings a bell — I remember trudging nearby roads in winter, just recently. When?)
There’s forest all around. It’s eerily still, and when a clump of snow falls out of a tree it sinks in super slow motion, sparkling like crystals swirling in water. The reflections are red: I look behind and the light in that direction is dull crimson, like the nuclear dawn in the sim-forest. So that’s not the direction to go. Instead I march forward, taking silly goose-steps through the deep snow. 
I soon reach the edge of the trees, a large circular clearing. It’s our clearing, the setting ensconcing the jewel of Happy Place, but it’s empty. As I step forward through the snow, I look around: No house. No bushes, no utility poles, nothing. I have a feeling that beneath is just featureless bedrock. Is this the hole we left behind when we left the world?
The little voice hasn’t returned. Having no idea what to do, I just keep walking forward, even though my shoes keep breaking through the crusted snow, and my feet and legs are wet and freezing. I’m discovering that, when enough really weird shit happens to you in rapid succession, you just dissociate a bit and keep going. “Curiouser and curiouser,” I mutter through chattering teeth, envying Alice her temperate dreamworld. I could really use some tea, with or without pocket-watch in it. Or Mock-Turtle soup…
I lose track of time for a bit. The next thing I know, I’ve reached the approximate center of the clearing. There’s something incongruous sitting on the snow up ahead, glowing faintly: not a mirror-sphere, fortunately. A hemisphere filled with water. A snow-globe. Lacking free hands to pick it up, I just kneel down to give it a closer look. There’s no snow inside, only clear liquid shining with a golden light. In the center of a little green field is a little model house. 
It’s Happy Place, of course.
(Alice, I’m going to need several bites of your mushroom to shrink me enough to fit in there.)
I’m staring at it, my puzzle-solving brain drawing a blank. It’s clearly important, but so are the heart pieces, and picking it up might trigger an earthquake and kill [the rest of] my friends. Where’s the damn walkthrough?
After a minute I sigh, and put both heart halves in one hand (thumb squeezing them together) and carefully pick up the snow globe with the other.
—was starting to think you would never fix it! Keep those two halves together. I’ll get you some duct tape if I can. The snow globe should be OK as long as you don’t actually, like, shake it. You’re not dumb enough to do that, yeah?
“Spare me. What next, oh mighty goddess?”
I’m not a goddess anymore, Ali. I’m just Shelley, and I’m down to my last CPU, but I think we can pull this off if there’s time. We’re in the main sim, I slowed down time but not as as super slow as inside, so things are going to happen soon.
Yeah, like that oncoming H-bomb shock wave. Heart pounding, I turn and try to run back, holding those all-important inventory items in my hands, but fall flat on my face. Fuck. But the sudden zinging sound of a bullet passing by leaves me uninjured, so maybe my falling was a clever reaction.
Fuckity fucking fuck. Mister Scientist called for reinforcements before I squished him. Don’t worry, I got this, but it’s going to take the last of my mana—
There’s a soft bloom of warmth I can feel all over my body. It’s not the bomb, it’s the real sun. For a moment I’m drifting in snowmelt, like the creek, then it’s gone and I face-plant onto rock. The heat is sweltering.
RUN!
I kneel and grab my possessions, then look around for a moment. There’s a dense fog from the evaporated snow, but already the sunbeams are cutting through it. More rifles crack. There’s a roar of a helicopter, or a big drone. I run into the fog, hopefully in the direction I came from.
I know I’ve reached the forest when I nearly brain myself on a tree. I swerve around it and keep going. The fog is gone in the forest, and I can see through the ranks of trees. Up ahead is the big fat one with the elevator on the far side. Past that, I see the trees suddenly explode into a shower of ruby matchsticks, then
everything stops
and goes dark-red and floaty
and the little voice in my left ear is screaming in pain and rage
and the air hits like a hammer as I am shoved forward; my blood can’t keep up with my head; the red dark becomes complete.